hi what we've got here is a to call plot
FL one AC it's the top of the range in
the in the 1 series it's an absolute
stunning guitar and it's for sale detail
on this guitars absolutely excellent the
the quality of the materials and the way
that it's been assembled brad clark
really knows how to put a guitar
together this is an absolute stunning
yourself it's brand new you send the
front against guard this is the back of
the guitar it really is a nice guitar
but the word de comer in the world i'm
sure this video is not doing it justice
it's it's really excellent this without
question
it's every bit as good as anything
you're going to get from Martin or
Taylor Sully in my opinion that's true
really is a stunning guitar you have any
questions about this guitar like to drop
me a line no problem I'm happy to ship
it anywhere in the UK or into Europe no
problem at all look forward to hearing
from you thanks for looking right